Ticketing Tutorial (#16)
keypom/keypom-docs: docs/Tutorials/Advanced/ticketing/react-outline.md

**Stage 2 &rarr; 3:** To trigger this state change, the user must claim their POAP, which again calls `claim` on the private key and changes the `curUse` from 2 to 0

:::note
Here, notice that the `curUse` returns to 0, the default value for this React state variable. This is because the key is depleted and deleted; and thus reading the actual `cur_key_use` from the Keypom contract will return an error.

For a refresher on React state variables, see the [React Docs](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html)
:::

The following variables are needed to allow these state changes: 

* `curUse`, obtained from accessing the `cur_key_use` from calling [`getKeyInformation`](../../../keypom-sdk/modules.md#getkeyinformation) with `pubKey`.
* `pubKey`, derived from `privKey` using the SDK's [`getPubFromSecret`](../../../keypom-sdk/modules.md#getpubfromsecret) method.
* `privKey`, stored in user app link.

### Scanner Page
As the scanner page exclusively scans QR codes and calls `claim` on the private keys that it reads, the app itself does not store any Keypom parameters apart from the event password, which the doorman will manually enter on app mount.

> The scanner app obtains the `privKey` by scanning the QR code and parsing the obtained string. With that, it calls `claim`. In order to check if the `claim` succeeded, the scanner app will obtain the `privKey`'s `cur_key_use` in a similar fashion to the user app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scanner app obtains the `privKey` by scanning the QR code and parsing the obtained string. It then calls `claim` and checks whether or not the claim was successful based on if the key's current use decremented.
```

> The following list of variable are used in the scanner app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list of variables are used in the scanner app:
```
